reservation scheme before launch of product to keep people interested.

People before you in queue, people after you

msg to people: check again after sometime to see how many people are added after you 

However, the third and most important reason for Mailbox's success was its marketing. When people signed up for it,  they were told where they were positioned in the queue for it, which doesn't sound enticing by any standards. But if you remember when Google+ first came out in summer 2011, it also had an invite system which helped build up expectation and interest in the product.

studying universe

Energy, Aura, Mana

leaf
zeus, odin, atlantis, origin, osiris, BigBang
atom

new product
create flying m/c, study vimana in vedas, and in ezekiel's bible
hall of records, gobekle tepe

companies make products, now if I'm working in a company and in some product team and I get a thought that this is not leading to something great or if it does not solve a problem effectively, then its my waste of time. I don't like that.
And I cannot make decisions of a company that I don't own. So I had to make my own company where I would be utilizing my time for a much greater purpose, solving a problem more efficiently.

because we care, because we have a passion to solve a problem

building relationship with the customers

employees should be passionate about the company, should want to work day and night for the company

find a problem
decide price of the product that people will be willing to give
decide exact time to launch the product (if applicable, only if product is for a limited market)
MARKETING STRATEGY
think what may go wrong in the entire process

hoverbike
electric bike

smart shirt:
What I want most are sensors that blend into my clothes without making me look like Inspector Gadget, charge themselves, and work with each other in one system, with one app.

start presentation with a joke

first ad:
watch first commercials of ipod, iphone, ipad

do different ads for different countries/cultures

next ads: (maybe a campaign like "get a mac" ad campaign)
(rhetorical question about a problem)
we belive in (solving that problem)
we believe in innovating
we believe in making things better
we believe in creating a beautiful experience
we believe in making things more enjoyable and more useful
we believe in making a better world
(talk beautiful things about the product without actually mentioning the product)
(now mention the product)

make it like mac pc ad of apple. Use two people, me and someone

In ad, let a third person say good things about my product, instead of me saying so it reduces me boasting myself

screenless displays (future of projectors), flexible electronics

future of mobiles, tv, cars

VR

reqmnts: battery pow. screenless displays, batt. pow. small camera, finger tracking
a little projector and cctv (combined or not??? problem 4) that can be attached like a mic to shirt or anywhere you like. Rotatable around 270deg, changeable distance of screen from user (possibly don't, since keeping the screen at a specified distance will make users habit of knowing the distance for TYPING), changeable size of screen
screen projected in air
user interaction with screen should be acknowledged by screen. Like pressing a character on the keyboard on the screen, should make the character change color.
Problem 1: Where to have OS and storage? Should I have some other device wirelessly connected to the projector and cctv which users can keep in their pockets or bags? Then will there be some delay in transfer, transfer speed? What if the projector and CCTV can have OS and storage in them itself?
Problem 2: Power problem
Problem 3: Projector and CCTV should be able to charge wirelessly. If the other device is used as in problem 1, it can also be used as a portable charger, which will detect whenever the proj. or cctv battery is low and charge them accordingly without human intervention. User will only have to charge the larger device.
Problem 4: CCTV is used for finger and hand gesture recognition. At the same time, projector is projecting the screen. So screen will get projected on user's hand instead of being projected in air, when user brings hand in front of the projector.
Problem 5: Of the screen, backside should be complete black or complete white or even allow user to decide. FOR PRIVACY. 

future of mobiles: screenless display activated by a button on a stick like of a spectacle, refer google glass
but would not be complete spectacle, only a stick. The stick culd be easily lost, so keep a sensor to detect it using some other external button
problem: user interaction with screen? hands or speech? or BCI?
gogoro smartscooter
sony smart homes
flexible batteries


resizable screen (using projector to project in air, instead of solid screen)
but with increase in size, sharpness will reduce and minimum size will be there. like 4 inches to 6 inches.
some way to resize screen, maybe on 

---------------
|   screen    |   ---- solid border lines, hollow inside, but little curved when going on back side
|  projected  |   ---- so easy to hold
|     in      |   ---- most imp thing, borders can be compressed down so as to reduce the size of movile while carrying
|     air     |   ---- like radio antenna
|             |
|             |
---------------
|Notifications|   ---- complete solid part
---------------

After compressed:
---------------
|             |
---------------
|Notifications|
---------------


If you think on this deeply, except humans, all species are hard coded to reproduce and to make their species survive.
But why? Survive for what? What's the purpose to survive. Is there any thing that has to do with our survival?

And second thing, humans are the only species which can go against for what we are hard coded. We can make a choice not to reproduce and hence not make our species survive. But other species cannot make this choice.
But obviously we would not do this? Why?


future of:
computers
mobiles
vehicles
internet

anti-gravity
power source like arc reactor (sustainable energy)

next gen battery powered cycle

time machine
time portal

People do not know what they want until you give them what they will want.
People do not know what they want until you give them what they will want.
People do not know what they want until you give them what they will want.

Jobs reaction when Microsoft came out with Windows. It used the same graphical user interface—icons and mouse—as the Macintosh. Jobs was outraged and summoned Gates from Seattle to Apple’s Silicon Valley headquarters. “They met in Jobs’s conference room, where Gates found himself surrounded by ten Apple employees who were eager to watch their boss assail him,” Isaacson writes. “Jobs didn’t disappoint his troops. ‘You’re ripping us off!’ he shouted. ‘I trusted you, and now you’re stealing from us!’ ” Gates looked back at Jobs calmly. Everyone knew where the windows and the icons came from. “Well, Steve,” Gates responded. “I think there’s more than one way of looking at it. I think it’s more like we both had this rich neighbor named Xerox and I broke into his house to steal the TV set and found out that you had already stolen it.”

Jobs was someone who took other people’s ideas and changed them. 

The idea for the iPad came from an engineer at Microsoft, who was married to a friend of the Jobs family, and who invited Jobs to his fiftieth-birthday party. As Jobs tells Isaacson:
This guy badgered me about how Microsoft was going to completely change the world with this tablet PC software and eliminate all notebook computers, and Apple ought to license his Microsoft software. But he was doing the device all wrong. It had a stylus. As soon as you have a stylus, you’re dead. This dinner was like the tenth time he talked to me about it, and I was so sick of it that I came home and said, “Fuck this, let’s show him what a tablet can really be.”
Even within Apple, Jobs was known for taking credit for others’ ideas.

Every single idea Steve Jobs ever had, came from somebody else. And he would be the first to say this. He would also take credit for things. He was shameless. He was an extraordinarily brilliant businessman and entrepreneur. He was also a self-promoter on a level that we have rarely seen.



intersection of wearable computing and the Internet of Things

Each computing class is about 10-15x faster than the previous decade’s class and 10 percent as expensive. The new class enables, in turn, a new industry to form to build, sell, apply and create content for a new set of users and uses—as exemplified by mainframes, minicomputers, personal computers and, now, smartphones. Each new computing class is also the basis for attracting peripherals and applications from an emergent ecosystem of providers.

The dominant wearable computing platform will be the epicenter of a whole new ecosystem of peripherals, applications and developers, not just a smartphone peripheral.

Imagine an iWatch-like device that is the principal hub of a body-area network that includes peripherals like Google glasses, fitness monitors, embedded heart and blood-sugar monitors, and even partially digested pills.

Or maybe some cloud-based personal assistant will process all your information sources, including your mail, calls and text messages but also the smart, dust-sized sensors and cameras spread throughout your house and garden, and contact you via your tee shirt when necessary?

wearables are a distinct computing platform at the center of a new industry and ecosystem of peripherals, applications, content, etc. 

Products that make or save money
Products that help people learn
Products that entertain
Products that save time and effort

Who am I serving?
What do they need/want, and are ready to buy?
How can I reach them and persuade them?

wifi
video
wearable

Can you imagine how noisy and annoying the world would be if all of us were murmuring into our devices all day long?

iShirt: requires waterproof electronics

Screenless display

Brain-computer interfaces

Mobile Security

Browser Security

Cross site scripting

Brain interfacing google glass

smart home